NEXT-29107 - Add docs for B2B components' entities (#1007)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-components/employee-management/README.md

# Employee Management

> A feature of the B2B components, including everything regarding employees, roles and permissions.

Reviewer: I think "everything" is a little bit a fill word. I would recommend: "including employee, role and permission management"

> A feature of the B2B components, including everything regarding employees, roles and permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A feature of the B2B components including employee, role and permission management.

It is implemented by both the Storefront and Administration, and supports their respective API's.
```
